Chip implantation capabilities in the brain, and the first published map of these implantation sites.
When rats were implanted with the device, they displayed improved cognitive and behavioral abilities, including enhanced working memory (memory for known sequences of events), well-organized memory (memory for predictable sequences of events), better recognition of the location of hidden objects, and enhanced learning.
Similarly, rats exhibited improvements in communication and social behavior, and also exhibited improvements in spatial cognition, object recognition, and working memory performance.
These neurobiological improvements with brain stimulation were comparable with those observed after MRI brain scans.
Recently, it has been hypothesized that out-of-circuit field stimulation (OCS) may provide benefits for new implants can perform their functions even if they are not directly implanted in the brain. For example, radio-frequency imaging (MRI) provides structural information about the brain in which patients can read out the images.
The Japanese are only one step away from using neural networks to supplement and augment their traditional doctors. We've already discussed brain-computer interfaces, but the researchers in the latest issue of Nature Nanotechnology propose the use of neural networks as an early step in targeting those particular problems.
Traditional imaging, for example, will always be slower than directly implanting a chip into the brain. The targets in MRI imaging (hippocampus, amygdala)
Chip implantation capabilities in the brain are currently funded in animal models by using hippocampal or subventricular zone (SVZ) cells grown into two-dimensional arrays on the scalp, an approach which has proven to be non-invasive and scalable and offers a high level of neuronal correlation.

In an additional step, Chaiyasokakul and colleagues identified a biomarker in five participants' urine after implantation that linked to their cortical neurons' progression in volume and volume ratios, similar to their network connectivity when compared to a control group of healthy participants. The biomarker suggests that microchips are performing their primary function as cognitive enhancers as outlined in the study's first paper These preliminary results