Corruption in underdeveloped countries usually comes in the form of wealthy elites purchasing the votes of influential officials and bureaucrats in exchange for lucrative business deals.

The likes of Chevron, Texaco, and ExxonMobil have come under attack by environmental groups for their strong ties to Ecuador, where three of the top five oil companies are headquartered.

As more Americans learn about Ecuador, however, they are likely to come away thinking of the resources of a few Latin American countries. But this view is misleading. Oil is not an issue in Ecuador alone, but can best be summed up as an obstacle to progress.

Ecuador ranked 98th in Transparency International's 2013 Corruption Perception Index, the highest score of any country. However, the basis for the ranking is a different
Corruption in underdeveloped countries is 'costing three times more than measures like fuel subsidies or anti-money-laundering controls', and 'subsidizing dirty business could benefit local elites and businessmen without good intentions'

Just how much corruption is costing the world's countries? A new study from US researchers shows that for every dollar of corruption, the world loses at least nine cents of productivity.


The paper, published in the journal Science, is based on a new, relatively small survey of corruption levels in 33 low and middle-income countries. While some of the measures are considered fairly standard – such as asking respondents to rank their willingness to bribe their next-door neighbour – others are highly unusual.


One example is asking how "naive"
Corruption in underdeveloped countries is a huge issue. After decades of economic collapse, the poor are still reeling from a world still run by money. Dictators cannot build from nothing. They rely on workers as living muscle, which gives them an edge. They use poverty and their own ideology to keep their grip on power.

There is no way to control corruption without building a new kind of economy and moving away from extreme inequality. There is no way to catch the root causes of poverty without getting to the bottom of why there is so much of it. Until those root causes are addressed, the whole system will not change. The World Bank reports that 9 million out of 10 children in the world are underweight. The idea that it's fine to spend $