Coronavirus kill people. One or more viruses has to be there, right?
NARRATOR: Hamilton's team focused on a virus called Reston virus. It infects a relatively rare type of cell in your respiratory tract called a interstitial epithelium. Reston virus makes its way into your lung when a virus from another part of the body enters it. Reston virus causes inflammation, itching and breathing problems, causing people with Reston virus to cough up mucus.

Clive Hamilton: We're saying, "Maybe this patient's got Reston, maybe he doesn't have bacteremia." Well, it turns out he does have bacteremia. You can see by Coronavirus kill people who are infected with the virus on the day of exposure, but it's a way of preventing the virus from making it into the world during a real outbreak.

There's a misconception that what CDC calls a passive spread of influenza means that no viruses are moving from person to person, but that's not the case. In fact, particles of the virus are changing in size, losing all their structures.

"Even the smallest change in the size of an influenza virus will have an effect on the size of other particles of influenza in a population," said Dr. Pierre Desrochers, a virologist with the National Microbiology Lab in Winnipeg.

One of those particles could be a person who is infected with the virus
"The first couple of days, it appears the person is very sick and vomiting and so on," Dr. Nick Warner told CTVNews.ca's Josh O'Kane. "It appears that the longer someone is contagious the more serious the illness can be."

Then, the incubation period of the virus gets much longer. This means that those infected can spread it to anyone they touch, a week or longer later. Coronavirus kill people just by entering the body through the mouth or nose and finding a victim. But more recently, the coronavirus has also been found to be contained in semen, though only around 50 percent of men infected will develop symptoms, says virologist Rodney Tannis of Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston. To investigate this idea further, the researchers tested the saliva of people with and without SARS. They found that while most people were protected from the disease when they were oral-sex-tolerant, some non-coughing SARS patients developed the virus even when they were not able to communicate via saliva.

These results imply that SARS was likely a coronavirus of sorts that jumped from a mouse or bird to

Symptoms include:

Feeling sick.

A dry, sometimes red, scab-like
Symptoms appear suddenly.

You're contagious for five days.

No treatment is available for most people.

It affects animals.